hey everyone Daniel Webster here from
paki medicom and we don't review too
many games on our site but this one is
definitely review worthy because it is
such an addictive game so I'm just going
to start a new game so the way the game
works is you actually have to move this
little light and it only goes one
direction so you need to move it over to
activate your me on and as you can see
this is a white light so this me on was
activated by a white light and here we
have a beam splitter there's beam
splitters prisms mirrors and all
different sorts of objects you have to
reconfigure to activate your me on so if
I do this one as you can see it
activated both of them so this one I
have a mirror and this one's pretty
simple we just activate that Mia and on
this level we actually have a colored
prism so it has blue red and yellow so
as you can see our me ons correspond to
those colors blue red and yellow so
we'll just move our prism to where we
need it and move our light source and it
will actively our me ons it's actually
pretty cool so the game continues like
this and with each increasing level the
difficulty becomes more intense so if
you ever get stuck all you have to do is
click on the hint button and it will
give you a little hint and so it's what
suggesting that I move the colored gem
over to here click it again and it
suggests you let it move the beam
splitter to hear so now I have to do is
move my me on up to here and it says
that I won the level the lite version is
free and contains the first 32 levels of
me on the full version costs only two
dollars and ninety-nine cents and
contains a 120 levels so I suggest
downloading the lite version first and
see how you like it and if you do like
it that much then you can always
download the full version it will
actually start off on the levels that
you've completed so this is another
marketplace pick brought to you by
Pacquiao calm where we review some of
the best and most value-added
applications on marketplace thanks for
watching